Migrate 🇺🇸 5 - Fix #159 (#174)
jtemporal/gitfichas: en/_posts/2021-07-26-005.md

---
layout: post
pretitle: what is the
title: staging
subtitle: area
concept: true
parts:
  - part1: it's the commit setup area

>   - part2: where we see the collection of altered or created files
>   - part3: that will be part of the next commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - part2: where we see the collection of altered or created files \nthat will be part of the next commit
```
